So we split our app into at least two modules or if you count the routing modules, into four modules.
Before we split it even more and we also learn about different types of modules we could add,
let me dive into one important note about components we load via routing, like here,
the recipes component. The recipes component is loaded whenever we visit /recipes.
The recipes component is also declared here in the recipes module.
Let me remove that declaration and that export here and let's see if the app still works thereafter,
it doesn't.
Now we get that the component, recipes component is not part of any NgModule. So it's really important
to understand that you don't just add to declarations what you plan on using as a template but you also
have to add any routes here that you load via routing, so via routing config.
It's not enough to just point at it here,
you really just also need to have it here in declarations.
The other important thing I wanted to highlight is that now that we manage the loading of our components,
here with recipes routing, we do define which component should be loaded for which route, there is no reason
to still export all these recipe components because we're now only using them internally in the recipes
module. We're using them either embedded into other components here or by loading them through the recipes routing
module, both is part of this file. So there is no reason to export the recipe components anymore because
we're not using these recipe components in the app component or any child component of the app component
and therefore as you can see if we reload and rebuild everything, this app still works as before even
if I don't export all the recipe components anymore.